# STET
Education Department Govt of Sikkim, every year conduct STET (State Teacher Eligibility Test) exam for all categories of teachers Primary Teacher, Graduate Teacher and Post Graduate Teacher before the recruitment exam. All the eligible candidates will apply for STET, so the applicants will be almost 5000. Checking all the documents, verifying them and issuing admit cards to individual candidate manually is a difficult job, which we are carrying for many years. During this span of time we made human error and had to repeat the processes. What we want : To make the STET exam error free and quick solution, we are in need of online software or window where candidates can login, register, fill the form and submit. Software should keep bio data of the candidate, print admits cards and later we can display online result of STET as well. During all the process automatic SMS and Email facilities should be included. Mobile app will be more convenient along with software. Challenges Network connectivity is not uniform all throughout the state of Sikkim so software should be develop in such a way that it can run with less network ,that is it can open only that window which candidate wants. Design a application that integrates with some reliable system like DigiLocker for verification of documents, or accept documents signed by DigiLocker eSign for document verification. Reduce manual intervention wherever possible, manual verification should be done only when final offer letter is to be issued.
